README.md, before:

# Tokenizing Real Estate Using Smart Contracts 

![Baldhead Home Sample](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/APP/Images/Baldhead.JPG)

## Executive Summary

Real Estate has made more millionaires than any other industry. However, it is not accessible to everyone. This is why we built a decentralized application to tokenize and invest in real estate. 
Decentralization provides more investment opportunities to more people at a lower cost. As blockchain is rapidly spreading across industries, we believe decentralizing real estate is both valuable for long term decentralization. 
Being one of the biggest industries in the world, we are confident that creating a DApp for real estate would be a great investment long term. 

* Through our decentralized REIT, people can buy shares of real estate, to take advantage of its appreciation during periods of high inflation.
* By utilizing smart contracts, we look to simplify ownership disputes across an immutable blockchain ledger.
* Smart contracts will also alleviate transaction and legal fees that are notorious in the real estate industry.

## Application

### Backend Solitidy Smart Contract

![SmartContract](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/Estate-Registry-Solidity-Contract.PNG)

### Frontend Python Script

![Property Front End](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/Property_frontend_scripting.PNG)

### Wallet Script
![Wallet](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/wallet_script.PNG)

### Pinata Script
![Pinata Script](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/pinata_script.PNG)

### IPFS Script
![IPFS](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/ipfs_app_integration.PNG)

### Property Listing UI

![Property Listing](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/Listings_Page.JPG)

The property listings page provides a list of the current property investment opportunities. The takes the following steps to invest in a property.

1. User can scroll through the list of available properties to invest in.
2. On the left side, the user can select the property they want to invest in.
3. User enters the quantity of shares they would like to purchase
4. The wallet then displays the property, address, and the total cost in Ether
5. Once they click "Make Payment" they will receive a confirmation message that the transaction was completed including the TX hash

__Live Demo__
The following is a recorded video of a live demo of the application's property listing: 
![Property Frontend Demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87338709/153273216-8724d1ee-5f64-4cb7-917e-8ea21de750f6.mp4)

### Estate Registry & Appraisal System
![Estate Registry](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/Estate_registry.JPG)

### In-App Property Registration

1. User selects account to associate with property token.
2. User enters the name of the property they wish to tokenize.
3. User enters property information along with the initial appraisal amount.
4. User uploads an image of the property to be tokenized.
5. Upon clicking "Register Property", the user receives a confirmation that the property was successfully tokenized.

__Live Demo__

The following is a recorded video of a live demo of the application's Estate Registry and Appraisal functionality:

![Estate Registry & Appraisal](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87338709/153274726-457379fd-6ddf-494e-a9a1-ab9ad4b423ce.mp4)

Commit message:

Updated screen shots
added screen shots of the confirmation

README.md, after:

# Tokenizing Real Estate Using Smart Contracts 

![Baldhead Home Sample](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/APP/Images/Baldhead.JPG)

## Executive Summary

Real Estate has made more millionaires than any other industry. However, it is not accessible to everyone. This is why we built a decentralized application to tokenize and invest in real estate. 
Decentralization provides more investment opportunities to more people at a lower cost. As blockchain is rapidly spreading across industries, we believe decentralizing real estate is both valuable for long term decentralization. 
Being one of the biggest industries in the world, we are confident that creating a DApp for real estate would be a great investment long term. 

* Through our decentralized REIT, people can buy shares of real estate, to take advantage of its appreciation during periods of high inflation.
* By utilizing smart contracts, we look to simplify ownership disputes across an immutable blockchain ledger.
* Smart contracts will also alleviate transaction and legal fees that are notorious in the real estate industry.

## Application

### Backend Solitidy Smart Contract

![SmartContract](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/Estate-Registry-Solidity-Contract.PNG)

### Frontend Python Script

![Property Front End](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/Property_frontend_scripting.PNG)

### Wallet Script
![Wallet](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/wallet_script.PNG)

### Pinata Script
![Pinata Script](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/pinata_script.PNG)

### IPFS Script
![IPFS](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/ipfs_app_integration.PNG)

### Property Listing UI

![Property Listing](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/Listings_Page.JPG)

The property listings page provides a list of the current property investment opportunities. The takes the following steps to invest in a property.

1. User can scroll through the list of available properties to invest in.
2. On the left side, the user can select the property they want to invest in.
3. User enters the quantity of shares they would like to purchase
4. The wallet then displays the property, address, and the total cost in Ether
5. Once they click "Make Payment" they will receive a confirmation message that the transaction was completed including the TX hash

### Transaction Confirmation
![TX confirmation](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/transaction_hash.JPG)

__Live Demo__
The following is a recorded video of a live demo of the application's property listing: 
![Property Frontend Demo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87338709/153273216-8724d1ee-5f64-4cb7-917e-8ea21de750f6.mp4)

### Estate Registry & Appraisal System
![Estate Registry](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/Estate_registry.JPG)

### In-App Property Registration

__Tokenization__

1. User selects account to associate with property token.
2. User enters the name of the property they wish to tokenize.
3. User enters property information along with the initial appraisal amount.
4. User uploads an image of the property to be tokenized.
5. Upon clicking "Register Property", the user receives a confirmation that the property was successfully tokenized.

### Historical Appraisal Reporting

Users have the ability to access historical appraisal information by selecting the property ID from the drop down.
![Appraisal Report History](https://github.com/Djachechi/Project-3/blob/main/Screenshots/Appraisal_history.JPG)

__Live Demo__

The following is a recorded video of a live demo of the application's Estate Registry and Appraisal functionality:

![Estate Registry & Appraisal](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/87338709/153274726-457379fd-6ddf-494e-a9a1-ab9ad4b423ce.mp4)
